- [Instructor] For this course, we will use
a simple Java application built using Spring Boot.
Now we are using Spring Boot, but you're definitely welcome
to choose a framework of your choice.
End of the day, you need a Java application
that needs to be Kubernetes-sized.
This particular application publishes a REST endpoint
that can be invoked at a certain endpoint.
Now, this application is available as
part of the GitHub repo of the course.
It's a Maven based project, and now have it open here
in IntelliJ.
Let's take a look at this application.
First thing we do is take a look at the source code.
It's a very simple application by design
because the focus here is on how to package
a Java application as a Docker container
and Kubernetes-ize it,
not on the complexity
of the Java application.
So here is my simple greeting controller.
As you can see,
this is a very standard Spring Boot application.
Here is the endpoint where the application is accessible,
and it just returns a simple response, call is Hello.
Let's look at the Palm XML next.
Now you can see
this is a very standard Spring Boot starter application.
Here are my dependencies.
Here is my Spring Boot Maven plug-in that allows me
to run the application from Maven itself
and I have a Maven profile here
which we'll talk later in the cycle.
Now in this application,
you can see there are multiple files over here as well,
and we'll talk through each one of them
as we progress through the course.
So the first step for us
is now to really go and run the application.
I've got two terminal windows open here.
Let's go to my repo directory
and App is where my application is setting.
I'm just going to give a command Maven Spring Boot run.
Now as I give the command,
if this is the first time I'm giving the command
on my machine,
then it will download all the Maven dependencies,
so it could take awhile, but because I have run
this command on this machine earlier,
it'll run rather quickly.
So at this point it's really building my application,
packaging my application,
and the application rather started
very quickly.
So now, let's go ahead and access this application
and see what response do we get back.
So I'm going to say curl, http, localhost, colon,
80 80, hello.
Voila, we get a response.
Hello.
This is our simple application here.
It just returns the response back hello.
And that's all we're going to show in this section.
So once again we built our application.
We tested out the application.
We got a response back call is Hello.
And throughout the course we'll see as we are progressing
through the course, this is the response that
we are expecting.
Hello is a simple word, but very valuable
for us in this particular course.